"Automatic" simply means that you cannot repair it yourself.
90% of everything is crud.
A Project Manager is like the madam in a brothel. His job is to see that everything comes off right.
A Smith & Wesson always beats four aces.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A bird in the hand is worth about three Kleenex.
A child's ability to endure likely stems from his ignorance of alternatives.
A clean desk is a sign of a sick mind.
A closed mouth says nothing wrong; a closed mind does nothing right.
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from amore simple system that worked.
A computer makes as many mistakes in one second as three men workingfor thirty years straight.
A conference is simply an admission that you want somebody else tojoin you in your troubles.
A dog is a dog except when he is facing you. Then he is Mr. Dog.
A fellow who is always declaring that he is no fool usually harborssuspicions to the contrary.
A fool and his money are some party.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
A good listener not only is popular everywhere but also, after awhile, knows something.
A great deal of money is never enough once you have it.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A liberalism incapable of fiscal self-discipline brings about a radical conservatism conspicuous for its selfishness and insensitivity.
A major failure will not occur until after the unit has passed final inspection.
A man does not look behind the door unless he has stood there himself.
A man will believe anything that does not cost him anything.
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
A miser is a fellow who lives within his income. He is also called a magician.
A misplaced decimal point will always end up where it will do the greatest damage.
A narrow mind has a broad tongue.
A neurotic builds castles in the air.
A psychotic lives in castles in the air.
And a psychiatrist is the guy who collects the rent.
A perfectly calm day will turn gusty the instant you drop a $20 bill.
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his mouth.
A politician's most important ability is to foretell what will happen
tomorrow and next month and next year - and to explain afterwards why it didn't happen.
A seeming ignorance is often a most necessary part of worldly knowledge.
A sense of decency is often a decent man's undoing.
A short cut is the longest distance between two points.
A stockbroker is someone who invests your money until it is all gone.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the other one.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
A yacht is a hole in the water, lined with wood, steel, or fiberglass, through which one pours all his money.
Academic rivalries are so intense because the stakes are so small.
Activity is the politician's substitute for achievement.
Adam Smith revisited: Work creates Wealth, which is then Redistributed in the holy name of Social Justice. That is to say, what is mine is yours, and his, and hers, and theirs...
Adventure is no more than discomfort and annoyance recollected in the safety of reminiscence.
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
Against stupidity, the gods themselves contend in vain.
All great discoveries are made by mistake.
All skill is in vain when an angel pees in the barrel of your rifle.
All things are possible. Except skiing through a revolving door.
All things being equal, a fat person uses more soap than a thin person.
All turtle thoughts are of turtle.
All warranties expire upon payment of invoice.
All work and no play make Jack a dull boy and Jill a wealthy widow.
All's well that ends.
Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.
Although I may disagree with what you say, I will defend to the death your right to hear me tell you how wrong you are.
Always address your elders with respect; they could leave you a fortune.
Always convice those whom you are about to deceive that you are acting in their best interests.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing else annoys them as much.
Always mistrust a subordinate who never finds fault with his boss.
Ambition is the curse of the political class.
Among economists, the real world is generally considered to be a special case.
An easily understood, workable falsehood is more useful than a complex, incomprehensible truth.
An economy cannot afford high tech unless it has a basic structure of other industry to provide the savings that will support high tech until it begins to pay off.
An efficient bureaucracy is the greatest threat to liberty.
An elephant is a mouse built to government specifications.
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing.
An infinite number of mediocrities do not add up to one genius.
An open mouth oft-times accompanies a closed mind.
An unhappy crew makes for a dangerous voyage.
Anger is never without an argument, or with a good one.
Any appetite is its own excuse for existing.
Any component, when inadvertently dropped, will roll into a hiding
place, the inaccessibility of which is proportional to the square of the component's irreplaceability.
Any contract drawn in more than 50 words contains at least one loophole.
Any given computer program, when running, is obsolete.
Any machine design must contain at least one part which is obsolete, two parts which are unobtainable, and three parts which are still under development.
Any simple theory will be worded in the most complicated terms.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Anyone can handle a crisis. It's everyday living that kills you.
Anyone in good enough condition to run three miles a day is in good enough condition not to have to.
Art is a passion pursued with discipline; science is a discipline pursued with passion.
As scarce as truth is, the supply invariably exceeds the demand.
As the rabbit said, if that ain't a wolf, it's a hell of a big dog.
Ask your children what they want for dinner only if they are buying.
Assumptions, so often full of holes, remain precious to the convinced.
At best, life is a spiral and never a pendulum. What has been done cannot be undone.
Bad weather forecasts are more often right than good ones.
Bankers are the assassins of hope.
Basic research is what you do when you don't know what you are doing.
Be a corporate good citizen; hire the morally handicapped.
Be kind to your web-footed friends; that duck may be a buyer.
There's no intelligent life down here.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes right to the bone.
Behind every successful man is an astonished mother-in-law.
Being king is not much fun if no one knows you are one.
Bend the facts to fit the conclusion. It's easier that way.
Beware of all enterprises requiring new clothes.
Black holes are outa sight!
Blessed are the censors, for they shall inhibit the earth.
Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the crap.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
Blessed be he who is called a big wheel, for he goeth around in circles.
Bosses come and bosses go, but a good secretary lasts forever.
Bullshit baffles brains.
By the time most of us have money to burn, our fire's gone out.
By working faithfully 8 hours a day, you may eventually get to be a boss and work 12 hours a day.
Celibacy is not hereditary.
